# thisMinesweeperBoardSetupHas2MinesForPEqualsNPAndPNotEqualsNP
(TODO) a specific minesweeper board setup, with numbers 1-8 or unknown at square, that if you solve it you win a million dollars, and theres only 1 possible solution. Theres 2 specific squares that are unknown, and exactly 1 of them has a mine. The board setup is infinite in both dimensions and contains all possible turing machine states or lambda functions. The board setup will be a function of x y integers to cell state (4 bits). A solution is another function which marks where all the mines are, including the P equals NP mine OR the P not equals NP mine. The million dollar prize is the millenium problem and is not guaranteed to still be available by whoever solves it if someone else solves it first. I am not involved with them and am just trying to translate the P vs NP math problem to minesweeper form. Its already known that minesweeper can represent specific NP problems like a specific set of integers does any subset sum to another specific integer or not. But this is a level above that, constraints on the set of all possible turing complete functions that solve or do not solve every possible NP problem in P time, with a single bit, by constraint, being a triple loop of forall andOr exists, or maybe its a double loop, I'll have to work out those details later.  Papers written about P vs NP all seem to lack specific math statements that dont depend on human language. For example, I've never seen a specific lambda call that evals to true or false depending if P equals NP or not. I dont think anyone knows such a lambda, or probably it cant even be written as a lambda as its an infinite size problem and a lambda call that halts is a finite size calculation. This minesweeper board setup, if I or maybe others could help, figure out a function to paint the cell states of the puzzle (a function of 2 integers to cell state), would be the most precise definition of the P vs NP question ever created, as far as I know, and may help many mathematicians look for a solution without needing to deal with Human language or systems limited to what finite calculations can do.  Basically take any 1d turing machine that has a halting state, and translate it to 2d form, where 1 dimension is space and 1 dimension is time, and represent that as nsat constraints between adjacent squares with a color at each square and each color can be beside only specific other color in each of 4 2d directions and similar for each of 6 3d directions of stacked colored cubes. The third dimension is only to count in unary, including negatives, how many time steps until, or after, the halting state occurs. If it does not halt then, the constraints are not satisfied. Another group of colors blocks all halting states by constraint. Some colors will allow both halting and nonhalting solutions, as a question of if you require these cells in the 1d turing tape be on and those off, etc, then which other cells must be on or off in what combos, and 1 of those cells is pEqualsNP and another is pNotEqualsNP. Think of it as a 1d turing machine in 2d with an added time dimension and its a heightmap sloping up or down at a 45 degree angle just counting up/down to wherever it halts, or flat and a different color if it never halts, and if you have some high cardinality of infinities of time to try every possible combo of where the mines are and where they are not, and just check each of those against local rules of the 1-8 numbers written in adjacent cells, then only 1 of those will solve it, and that 1 will have either a mine in the P equals NP cell or a mine in the P not equals NP cell.  I'll probably have to go deeper into wikibinator105 andOr other lambda research before having a specific minesweeper board setup which does this, but I think I've explained the general strategy of how to build it.  This will actually look like minesweeper on screen and you will be able to scroll across it really fast. This minesweeper board has more cells than the entire visible universe has atoms, actually infinity cells, and it contains every possible physics simulation, every possible software, every possible everything, which is necessary to prove the lack of existence of a P equals NP solution, if P actually does not equal NP. I described it as 3d but minesweeper is 2d. You can fold any number of dimensions into 2 dimensions, similar to how a 1d turing machine can compute math in many dimensions.
